feat: clarify partytown config (#12173)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/partytown.mdx

> This mirrors the [Partytown config object](https://partytown.builder.io/configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mirrors the [Partytown config object](https://partytown.qwik.dev/configuration/).
```
Seems like this needs updating!

> :::caution

Author: So a few things:
1. The serialization is different than UI framework props as you said:
	a. ui comp props: functions get serialized to null
	b. partytown config: functions are passed as is to the client ([source](https://github.com/QwikDev/partytown/blob/main/src/lib/utils.ts#L228-L233)). To be precise, the whole config is basically passed "as is" (ie. represented as string)
2. We can probably remove the `resolveUrl()` specific bit and put it under its own heading

```js title="astro.config.mjs" {7-13}
export default defineConfig({
  // ...
  integrations: [
    partytown({
      // Example: proxy Facebook's analytics script
      config: {
        resolveUrl: (url) => {
          const proxyMap = {
            "connect.facebook.net": "my-proxy.com"
          }
          url.hostname = proxyMap[url.hostname] || url.hostname;
          return url;
        },
      }
    }),
  ],
});
```

However since the `config` object is serialized when sent to the client, some limitations on functions passed to your configuration apply:

- Functions cannot reference anything outside of the function scope.
- Functions can only be written in JavaScript.

In some advanced use cases, you may need to pass data to this function while initializing Partytown. To do so, you can set `resolveUrl()` on `window.partytown` instead of the integration config:

```astro title="Head.astro" {8-14}
---
const proxyMap = {
  "connect.facebook.net": "my-proxy.com"
};
---

<script is:inline set:html={`

> window.partytown = {
>   resolveUrl: (url) => {
>     const proxyMap = ${JSON.stringify(proxyMap)};
>     url.hostname = proxyMap[url.hostname] || url.hostname;
>     return url;
>   },
> };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	window.partytown = {
  	resolveUrl: (url) => {
    	const proxyMap = ${JSON.stringify(proxyMap)};
    	url.hostname = proxyMap[url.hostname] || url.hostname;
    	return url;
  	},
	};
```
I just indented everything by one tab, because the preview was showing this: 
<img width="481" height="352" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c29c5c5e-b38a-4d7b-b084-5b04014657cf" />

});
```

### config.resolveUrl

> Some third-party scripts may require proxying through `config.resolveUrl()`, which runs inside the service worker. [Read more in Partytown's documentation.](https://partytown.qwik.dev/forwarding-events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some third-party scripts may require proxying through `config.resolveUrl()`, which runs inside the service worker. You can set this configuration option to check for a specific URL, and optionally return a proxied URL instead.
```

1. Reminder that this firstly has to sound like some kind of reference for what `config.resolveUrl()` *is*, which we haven't done yet! I just snagged wording from Partytown's own docs, but it might not be exactly right here so please do edit as necessary! Just make sure we're at least explaining what `resolveUrl` is/does, however briefly, in some way first here!

2. I feel like we *probably* should show an example of what this option looks like when set (remember, this is supposed to be our documentation of `config.resolveUrl()`!) Which means having an example where you *don't* need the advanced case. I'd do something like:
	> The following example configures checking whether the URL to be resolved is for Google Analytics, and then...
	> [code example of the partytown config]

	*Then* I think we can go on to the next paragraph about how it's serialized so therefore there are limitations.

3. (Hilariously, this is gonna be a SUPER long comment about just the link lol. Get ready!) 
	So, my first instinct was to do something like this, make the link inline so the text for what the link is about is descriptive:

	> Some third-party scripts may require [proxying through `config.resolveUrl()`](https://partytown.qwik.dev/forwarding-events), which runs inside the service worker.

	But I checked, and you're linking to "Forwarding events and Triggers" which mentions neither proxying nor `resolveURL` on that page. (Yet, there *is* a [Proxying requests](https://partytown.qwik.dev/proxying-requests/) page that *does* mention `resolveURL`! And, the `resolveUrl` config docs link to the proxying request page.) So I guess that's not what we should do here. 😅 

	I'm assuming you do want the Forwarding Events page linked because I can see it talks about using strings and serialization, so that's probably the relevant content. But then, maybe the link doesn't belong *right here*? It kind of blocks the flow of the point you're trying to make "some scripts require going through `config.resolveURL` -> but, Astro serializes -> so there are limitations".

 	And, it's not key that people go read and learn about this right now before moving on. The more likely scenario is that people already *do* know about this, and they are trying to read about how to properly use `resolveUrl` with the Astro adapter. I don't think reading this part of *our* docs is going to make them think, "Oh, cool, I should go learn about this new thing and try it in my project." It's the other way around!

	So, I would probably be more likely to include this link *later*, maybe even at the very end of this section. The intention is, "if you didn't figure out what you needed from this section in our docs here, go read all about it elsewhere." And then the link text just needs to be a bit more descriptive about what is at the link. So it could be something like:

> See [Partytown's documentation on forwarding events](https://partytown.qwik.dev/forwarding-events) for more information.

However since `config` is serialized (even functions), it has limitations:

> - It cannot reference anything outside of the function scope
> - It can only use JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It cannot reference anything outside of the function scope.
- It can only use JavaScript.
```
Firstly, just adding periods above. 

But also:
1. "It can only use JavaScript" means... as opposed to what? What *can't* it use that people might expect? TypeScript? Something else? (See my next point below too for how "it" and "use" are both extremely vague, so that makes this sentence feel even more like it's prompting more questions than it answers 😄 )

2. There is a lot of "it" going on. Do all the "it"'s refer to "the `config` object"? If so, is that exactly the thing you mean as a subject? e.g. "The config object can only use JavaScript" (does this object actually "use" anything?) Or, is there a more specific nuance like "Functions passed to the `config` object cannot reference anything outside of the function scope" or "Functions passed as config options like `resolveUrl` can only be written in JavaScript".

> For advanced use cases, you may need to pass data to this function while initializing Partytown. To do so, you can set `resolveUrl()` on `window.partytown` instead of the integration config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some advanced use cases, you may need to pass data to this function while initializing Partytown. To do so, you can set `resolveUrl()` on `window.partytown` instead of the integration config:
```
Great intro here!

> ```astro title="Head.astro"

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```astro title="Head.astro" {8-14}
``````
I think these linkes should be the entire `window.partytown` block. Makes sense to highlight that, I think!
